https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-23917 MCOA (#8364)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/obs_mcoa_federate.adoc

[#federate-uw-coo]
= Federating user workloads from Cluster Observability Operator

> Federate your user workloads from the Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Observability Operator on your managed clusters to scale your metrics. By default, user workload metrics are federated from the `MultiClusterObservability` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federate your user workloads from the Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Observability Operator on your managed clusters. By default, user workload metrics are federated from the Prometheus user-workload on your {ocp-short} cluster.
```

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Prerequisites

- User workload monitoring is enabled on your managed cluster.
- User workload monitoring is enabled in the    `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource.
- You have created `ScrapeConfig` resources with the `app.kubernetes.io/component: <user-workload-metrics-collector>` label.
- The `ScrapeConfig` resources are referenced in the configurations list of the `ClusterManagementAddOn` for the target placements.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.Procedure

```
